#April's Fool
recruit_character = ABY_AF_kaiser_kattail 
recruit_character = HIP_posada_AF
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Loris
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Douclaw
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Dietrich
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Flopparnold
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Growlzi
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Hell
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Itch
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Kattman
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Katzhaum
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Kimitz
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Koko
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Meolson
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Meorwin
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Meteorite
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Pawlbert
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Pawldrin
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Pawllas
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Pawtton
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Pouchkinn
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Rex
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Stron
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Sogga
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Neumayer
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Rafurr
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Elwin
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Bingus
recruit_character = ABY_AF_Blokkat
