capital = 13

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
}
### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 28
	fascism = 6
	communism = 53
	neutrality = 13
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
	BAL_economic_chaos
	BAL_military_disarray
}

set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.7
navy_experience = 50

recruit_character = BAL_mayor_ash_moustache
recruit_character = BAL_sharp_fang
recruit_character = BAL_golden_delicious
recruit_character = BAL_cricket_chafer
recruit_character = BAL_silver_mane
recruit_character = BAL_lime_pearl
recruit_character = BAL_stylus_pen
recruit_character = BAL_boreal_bloom
recruit_character = BAL_starry_night
recruit_character = BAL_cobalt
recruit_character = BAL_lavender_berry
recruit_character = BAL_anarchist_advisor1
recruit_character = BAL_anarchist_advisor2
recruit_character = BAL_meadowbrook
recruit_character = BAL_ministry_defence
recruit_character = BAL_ministry_information
recruit_character = BAL_ministry_labour
recruit_character = BAL_blitz
recruit_character = BAL_diamond_blossom
recruit_character = BAL_obsidia
recruit_character = BAL_ocean_breeze
recruit_character = BAL_river_pearl
recruit_character = BAL_blueberry
recruit_character = BAL_lavender
recruit_character = BAL_sky_chaser
recruit_character = BAL_silver_storm
recruit_character = BAL_lucky_star
recruit_character = BAL_ponies_parliament
recruit_character = BAL_commune_confed

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
