capital = 885

oob = "BLT_1007"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
    melee_weapons = 1
    melee_weapons1 = 1
    pre_gw_artillery = 1
	camel_race = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		airship_airframes = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Medium Airship"
		type = medium_airship_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_medium_airship_equipment_0_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Heavy Airship"
		type = large_airship_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = large_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_4x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_heavy_airship_equipment_0_medium"
	}
	set_air_oob = "BLT_1007_air_bba"

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			airships1 = 1
		}
		set_air_oob = "BLT_1007_air_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
    }
    set_technology = {
        mtg_transport = 1
    }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			transport = 1
		}
    }
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes

add_ideas = {
	agrarian_society
	better_science_base
	lack_of_scientists1
	poverty3
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 28
	fascism = 23
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 47
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1001.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = BLT_king_boltrus

recruit_character = BLT_chavkar_niyaz
recruit_character = BLT_saz_icewind
recruit_character = BLT_qandila_dusma
recruit_character = BLT_adiljan_tszyu
recruit_character = BLT_kavus_rainstorm
recruit_character = BLT_abruy_sagdi
recruit_character = BLT_ganfur_snowfall
recruit_character = BLT_nusratullo_agish
recruit_character = BLT_kaz_rainstorm
recruit_character = BLT_jamshid_yoldosh
recruit_character = BLT_bevak_frostbite
recruit_character = BLT_harira_ato
recruit_character = BLT_zukvid_stormrider
recruit_character = BLT_toramurod_giya
recruit_character = BLT_bibihadicha_qurbon
recruit_character = BLT_zyk_thunderbolt
recruit_character = BLT_itrus_whirlwind
recruit_character = BLT_oglon_qurbon
recruit_character = BLT_shakarxoja_ato
recruit_character = BLT_itrus_stormbringer
recruit_character = BLT_izi_lightningstrike
recruit_character = BLT_durgozal_niyaz
recruit_character = BLT_ramazon_giya
recruit_character = BLT_nofur_stormcloud
recruit_character = BLT_dostonbek_agish
recruit_character = BLT_vetus_thunderbolt
recruit_character = BLT_rekrus_icewind
recruit_character = BLT_achagul_tszyu
recruit_character = BLT_baburbek_boqi
recruit_character = BLT_ganfur_whirlwind
recruit_character = BLT_ramazon_niyaz
recruit_character = BLT_kor_thunderbolt

add_ai_strategy = {
	type = prepare_for_war
	id = CME
	value = 1000
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
