capital = 492
oob = "BRZ_1007"
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	diamond_dog_race = 1
	tech_ironpaws = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fluggerät Heureka"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_griffonian_empire_2d_early_fighter_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Bomber"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_griffonian_empire_2d_early_bomber_medium"
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 10
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 60
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1006.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors
set_country_flag = has_custom_designers
set_country_flag = has_custom_spymaster

add_ideas = {
	outdated_industry
	BRZ_imperial_industry
	BRZ_pacifism1
	BRZ_the_socialist_laws
	poverty5
	lack_of_scientists2
}

add_manpower = 30000
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.2
set_cosmetic_tag = GRI_SUBJECT
set_country_flag = herzland_diplomacy_blocked
set_country_flag = BRZ_copperhill_advisor # important for election shenanigans
set_country_flag = BRZ_attaboy_advisor # important for election shenanigans

recruit_character = BRZ_winston_copperhill
recruit_character = BRZ_count_ignatius_bronzetail
recruit_character = BRZ_rufus_loudbark
recruit_character = BRZ_rosey_softfur
recruit_character = BRZ_max_goldtooth
recruit_character = BRZ_gunter_blackwing
recruit_character = BRZ_sweep_stake
recruit_character = BRZ_gotthilf_von_hohenau
recruit_character = BRZ_tilo_shovelpaw
recruit_character = BRZ_johanna_whitetail
recruit_character = BRZ_diana_von_mirabelle
recruit_character = BRZ_laszlo_geldsack
recruit_character = BRZ_wilma_stahlfeder
recruit_character = BRZ_fido_stonewall
recruit_character = BRZ_rosemarie_fruhling
recruit_character = BRZ_gustav_graurabe
recruit_character = BRZ_gunter_grouse
recruit_character = BRZ_lassy_goldcoat
recruit_character = BRZ_carlo_redpen
recruit_character = BRZ_clement_attaboy
recruit_character = BRZ_spot_bonehund
recruit_character = BRZ_terrence_hounder
recruit_character = BRZ_carla_rosenbaum
recruit_character = BRZ_roger_bloodhound
recruit_character = BRZ_max_bronzeshield
recruit_character = BRZ_luke_barkley_squirrel
recruit_character = BRZ_arthur_terrier
recruit_character = BRZ_richard_barker
recruit_character = BRZ_leia_von_wasser
recruit_character = BRZ_rip_panter
recruit_character = BRZ_thorn_alsas
recruit_character = BRZ_tich_cloudhill
recruit_character = BRZ_jet_hunter
recruit_character = BRZ_bradley_bronze
recruit_character = BRZ_griff_wingburg
recruit_character = BRZ_anna_hundsfeld
recruit_character = BRZ_laika_barker
recruit_character = BRZ_shep_ironhall
recruit_character = BRZ_lucca_amberheart
recruit_character = BRZ_ace_redstone
recruit_character = BRZ_rosalin_shorttail
recruit_character = BRZ_hochmeister_lucky
recruit_character = BRZ_prelate_gunhild
recruit_character = BRZ_barnaby_bronzetail
recruit_character = BRZ_friedhelm_stormcrest
recruit_character = BRZ_barker_steelpaw
recruit_character = BRZ_clara_woofingheart
recruit_character = BRZ_tiger_cappoodle
recruit_character = BRZ_willie_greytail
recruit_character = BRZ_eva_spaniel
recruit_character = BRZ_conrad_headwig
recruit_character = BRZ_wuffles_saltspire
recruit_character = BRZ_count_trubach
recruit_character = BRZ_occupational_authority

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
