capital = 15

#oob = "CES_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}

### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	fascism = 10
	communism = 6
	neutrality = 4
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
}

set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.6

recruit_character = CES_king_dust
recruit_character = CES_furher_seaterror
recruit_character = CES_daring_do
recruit_character = CES_addie_hoover
recruit_character = CES_quibble_pants
recruit_character = CES_knifepony
recruit_character = CES_tiger_eyes
recruit_character = CES_swift_justice
recruit_character = CES_lesa_flare
recruit_character = CES_permittivity
recruit_character = CES_itzcoatl
recruit_character = CES_celery
recruit_character = CES_good_word
recruit_character = CES_crescent_glow
recruit_character = CES_chief_maita
recruit_character = CES_snap_shutter
recruit_character = CES_mane_allgood
recruit_character = CES_azure_bliss
recruit_character = CES_republic_congress
recruit_character = CES_pony_of_shadows
recruit_character = CES_greater_shard_1
recruit_character = CES_greater_shard_2
recruit_character = CES_greater_shard_3
recruit_character = CES_faith_full
recruit_character = CES_honest_heart
recruit_character = CES_young_bridge
recruit_character = CES_solemn_vow
recruit_character = CES_nobody
recruit_character = CES_fiery_brimstone
recruit_character = CES_sweet_bliss
recruit_character = CES_righteous_fervor
recruit_character = CES_ardent_struggle
recruit_character = CES_cirrus_cloud
recruit_character = CES_lucky_pearl
recruit_character = CES_anneal

activate_advisor = CES_quibblepants

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
