capital = 900

oob = "CZR_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	zebra_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		airship_airframes = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Medium Airship"
		type = medium_airship_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_medium_airship_equipment_0_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Heavy Airship"
		type = large_airship_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = large_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_4x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_heavy_airship_equipment_0_medium"
	}
	set_air_oob = "CZR_1007_air_bba"


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			airships1 = 1
		}
		set_air_oob = "CZR_1007_air_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
    }
    set_technology = {
        mtg_transport = 1
    }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			transport = 1
		}
    }
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes

add_ideas = {
	slavery_economy
	agrarian_society
	poor_science_base
	lack_of_scientists
	poverty2
}
set_stability = 0.1

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 34
	fascism = 10
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 56
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1001.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = CZR_emperor_alokassa_i

recruit_character = CZR_balu_dibba
recruit_character = CZR_zatau_berahino
recruit_character = CZR_kavus_lightningstrike
recruit_character = CZR_funny_advisor
recruit_character = CZR_biz_stormcloud
recruit_character = CZR_yoro_aizhatu
recruit_character = CZR_kavus_frostbite
recruit_character = CZR_mamadou_outtara
recruit_character = CZR_ganfur_thunderbolt
recruit_character = CZR_ngari_muza
recruit_character = CZR_bevak_stormrider
recruit_character = CZR_meze_zissoko
recruit_character = CZR_gur_whirlwind
recruit_character = CZR_ganza_touze
recruit_character = CZR_rekrus_stormrider
recruit_character = CZR_amza_zaramy
recruit_character = CZR_zukvid_icewind
recruit_character = CZR_zolo_diao
recruit_character = CZR_rez_rainstorm
recruit_character = CZR_meze_kinte
recruit_character = CZR_vetus_thunderbolt
recruit_character = CZR_zamina_zuzo
recruit_character = CZR_saz_snowfall
recruit_character = CZR_zoumani_zonde
recruit_character = CZR_karvur_stormbringer
recruit_character = CZR_chauziku_zissoko
recruit_character = CZR_sekur_stormcloud
recruit_character = CZR_zheka_zerbo
recruit_character = CZR_nofur_lightningstrike
recruit_character = CZR_garwa_bakaba
recruit_character = CZR_wud_stormrider
recruit_character = CZR_fouzzeni_dabo
recruit_character = CZR_karvur_thunderbolt
recruit_character = CZR_faraji_baru
recruit_character = CZR_vik_rainstorm
recruit_character = CZR_kyauta_zeita
recruit_character = CZR_sekur_icewind
recruit_character = CZR_aoua_zabba
recruit_character = CZR_itrus_stormcloud
recruit_character = CZR_ntare_bakaba

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}