capital = 415
oob = "DED_1007"
set_research_slots = 1

set_technology = {
	melee_weapons = 1
	undead_race = 1
	berserker_charge = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 0
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = trade_laws_blocked
set_country_flag = { flag = DED_killed_nations value = 0 }
set_rule = { can_join_factions = no }
set_rule = { can_create_factions = no }
set_country_flag = join_factions_set
add_ideas = {
	detached_country
	extensive_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	closed_economy
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	add_ideas = magehold_lar
	else = {
		add_ideas = magehold
	}
}

set_stability = 0.25

recruit_character = DED_necromancer_council
recruit_character = DED_rosa_maledicta
recruit_character = DED_skellinore
recruit_character = DED_comrade_salikov
recruit_character = DED_volgar_bloodhoof
recruit_character = DED_windrunner
recruit_character = DED_vincent_firestorm
recruit_character = DED_sombra_oscura
recruit_character = DED_muzius_the_hallowed
recruit_character = DED_kadai_montanya
recruit_character = DED_fractured_note
recruit_character = DED_tanzor
recruit_character = DED_mister_doodets
recruit_character = DED_hell_van_moltke
recruit_character = DED_shrieking_banshee
recruit_character = DED_otto_von_bridlemark
recruit_character = DED_warlord_rattlebones
recruit_character = DED_swiftcarrion
recruit_character = DED_admiral_ktu_adana
recruit_character = DED_edhoof_schirlitz
recruit_character = DED_ekaterina_buckernheim
recruit_character = DED_aleksandyr_assenhoof
recruit_character = DED_somvas_nc_aromancer
recruit_character = DED_commissar_khemsarov
recruit_character = DED_sonya_gotzmane
recruit_character = DED_bitzen_van_castreins
recruit_character = DED_pankov
recruit_character = DED_alexander_kolchak
recruit_character = DED_the_reborn
recruit_character = DED_the_first
recruit_character = DED_queen_rubra

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = melee_equipment_0 amount = 6000 producer = DED }

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
