capital = 7

oob = "DRG_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	dragons_light = 1
	dragons_heavy = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	dragon_race = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 11
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 24
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 44
	democratic = 32
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

add_ideas = {
	tribal_society
}

set_stability = 0.5

recruit_character = DRG_dragon_lord_ember
recruit_character = DRG_lord_ruby
recruit_character = DRG_lord_torch
recruit_character = DRG_smolder
recruit_character = DRG_gark
recruit_character = DRG_scales
recruit_character = DRG_cynder
recruit_character = DRG_firekin
recruit_character = DRG_tiagin
recruit_character = DRG_nascale
recruit_character = DRG_kasitor
recruit_character = DRG_grima
recruit_character = DRG_kuzz
recruit_character = DRG_kahamit
recruit_character = DRG_kalagar
recruit_character = DRG_nightburn
recruit_character = DRG_naga
recruit_character = DRG_ludmilla
recruit_character = DRG_tamm
recruit_character = DRG_kukulkan

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
