capital = 75

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_pegasi = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	guerrila_warfare_enable = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 1000
	producer = EQS
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = melee_equipment_1
	amount = 500
	producer = EQS
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment_1
	amount = 50
	producer = EQS
}
set_convoys = 90
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 77
	fascism = 4
	communism = 19
	neutrality = 0
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

set_country_flag = has_custom_spymaster
add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
	ELF_harmonic_resistance_idea
	ELF_ours_is_an_invincible_army
	ELF_invincible_army_surrender_limit_idea
	#ELF_revanchism_meter_considerable
}

set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5

recruit_character = ELF_starlight_and_trixie
recruit_character = ELF_trixie_lulamoon
recruit_character = ELF_firefly
recruit_character = ELF_fairy_light
recruit_character = ELF_flash_force
recruit_character = ELF_duty_price
recruit_character = ELF_kyanite_arc
recruit_character = ELF_maverick_flare
recruit_character = ELF_purple_dart
recruit_character = ELF_fairweather_breeze
recruit_character = ELF_totally_not_lysia
recruit_character = ELF_coloratura
recruit_character = ELF_fine_line
recruit_character = ELF_uncle_orange
recruit_character = ELF_aunt_orange
recruit_character = ELF_harshwhinny
recruit_character = ELF_joe_pescolt
recruit_character = ELF_cloud_kicker
recruit_character = ELF_babs_seed
recruit_character = ELF_sweetie_belle
recruit_character = ELF_scootaloo
recruit_character = ELF_apple_bloom
recruit_character = ELF_on_stage
recruit_character = ELF_wind_walker
recruit_character = ELF_misty_fly
recruit_character = ELF_lightning_dust
recruit_character = ELF_vapor_trail
recruit_character = ELF_night_thunder
recruit_character = ELF_tall_order
recruit_character = ELF_raspberry_beret
recruit_character = ELF_mr_stripes
recruit_character = ELF_sunny_shine
recruit_character = ELF_moondancer
recruit_character = ELF_night_light
recruit_character = ELF_duke_dapper
recruit_character = ELF_word_filter
 

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes