### Leaders ###
recruit_character = FLY_republican_council
recruit_character = FLY_terrorists
recruit_character = FLY_nopony

recruit_character = FLY_lyra_heartstrings
recruit_character = FLY_cirrus_cloud
recruit_character = FLY_coco_pommel
recruit_character = FLY_coloratura
recruit_character = FLY_sunny_skies
recruit_character = FLY_mayor_mare
recruit_character = FLY_minuette
recruit_character = FLY_march_gustysnows
recruit_character = FLY_strawberry_snowflake

### Army ###
recruit_character = FLY_spearhead
recruit_character = FLY_by_the_book
recruit_character = FLY_scarswirl


recruit_character = FLY_stygian
recruit_character = FLY_cheerilee
recruit_character = FLY_redheart

recruit_character = FLY_solid_brown
recruit_character = FLY_lineal_thought
recruit_character = FLY_will_power
recruit_character = FLY_isabella_orchid

recruit_character = FLY_word_filter
recruit_character = FLY_sharps
recruit_character = FLY_mintfeather

### Navy ###

recruit_character = FLY_hoofbeard
recruit_character = FLY_ragamuffin

### Scientists ###

recruit_character = FLY_professor_neigh

### Chiefs ###

### High Command ###

recruit_character = FLY_nara_advisor

### Theorists ###

