capital = 415
oob = "EWI_1007"
set_research_slots = 1

set_technology = {
	generic_race = 1
	tech_windigo_horrors = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	magical_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	prepared_defense = 1
	grand_assault = 1
	infantry_offensive = 1
	armored_operations = 1
	infiltration_assault = 1
	night_assault_tactics = 1
	attritional_containment = 1
	infiltration_in_depth = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 0
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	EWI_last_stand

	extensive_conscription
	closed_economy
	tot_economic_mobilisation
	detached_country
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	add_ideas = EWI_windigo_land_lar
	else = {
		add_ideas = EWI_windigo_land
	}
}

set_country_flag = trade_laws_blocked
set_rule = { can_join_factions = no }
set_rule = { can_create_factions = no }
set_country_flag = join_factions_set

set_stability = 1
set_war_support = 1

recruit_character = EWI_queen_spectre
recruit_character = EWI_nobody
recruit_character = EWI_howling_wind
recruit_character = EWI_screaming_storm
recruit_character = EWI_frozen_agony
recruit_character = EWI_windigo
recruit_character = EWI_stormy_seas
recruit_character = EWI_blizzard_hail
recruit_character = EWI_cold_kiss
recruit_character = EWI_freezing_flash
recruit_character = EWI_gelid_slice

activate_advisor = EWI_queen_spectre
activate_advisor = EWI_stormy_seas
activate_advisor = EWI_howling_wind
activate_advisor = EWI_screaming_storm
activate_advisor = EWI_frozen_agony
activate_advisor = EWI_cold_kiss
activate_advisor = EWI_freezing_flash
activate_advisor = EWI_gelid_slice


