capital = 529
oob = "FAL_1007"
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	griffon_race = 1
	tech_knights = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_griffon_army = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CR.32"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_wingbardy_2d_early_fighter_medium"
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "FAL_1007_naval_legacy"
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "FAL_1007_naval"
}

add_manpower = 41667

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 35
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 45
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	poverty3
	lack_of_scientists2
	feudalism
	pre_industrial_society 
	FAL_angry_birbs
	FAL_shattered
	FAL_no_falcor
}

set_stability = 0.50

recruit_character = FAL_princess_maximilliana
recruit_character = FAL_gabriele_dartiglio
recruit_character = FAL_queen_maximilliana
recruit_character = FAL_andrea_ausiello
recruit_character = FAL_princeconsort_alberto
recruit_character = FAL_aeliana_albia
recruit_character = FAL_justus_lucius
recruit_character = FAL_erika_von_feveros
recruit_character = FAL_luigi_piediazzuri
recruit_character = FAL_astore_diaz
recruit_character = FAL_storno_toco
recruit_character = FAL_asiolo_dai_ciuffi
recruit_character = FAL_agapito_zitto
recruit_character = FAL_carlo_di_ala
recruit_character = FAL_caracosa_piuma
recruit_character = FAL_fiero_becco
recruit_character = FAL_ignazio_artiglio
recruit_character = FAL_eroe_nero
recruit_character = FAL_efisio_penna
recruit_character = FAL_gaetana_cresta
recruit_character = FAL_odero_terni_orlando
recruit_character = FAL_eustachio_piumaggio
recruit_character = FAL_erminia_picchiata
recruit_character = FAL_elpidio_veloce
recruit_character = FAL_doriano_volatore
recruit_character = FAL_callisto_tuffatore
recruit_character = FAL_biaggio_pioggia
recruit_character = FAL_alexandra_bagnata
recruit_character = FAL_albino_presbite
recruit_character = FAL_modesto_nuotatore
recruit_character = FAL_riven_shortfeather
recruit_character = FAL_agostina_di_ferro
recruit_character = FAL_abramo_nascosto
recruit_character = FAL_zeno_uccello
recruit_character = FAL_falea_luminosa
recruit_character = FAL_falco_anatra
recruit_character = FAL_swello_rondine
recruit_character = FAL_duke_trubach


set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-Class"	
		name_group = FAL_DD_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}