capital = 442
oob = "FLO_1007"
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	griffon_race = 1
	tech_griffon_army = 1
	tech_knights = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18
	fascism = 4
	communism = 24
	neutrality = 54
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	lack_of_scientists3
	pre_industrial_society
	big_science_base
	flowena_holidays
	flowena_banks
	flowena_militia
}
###Trigger for Chocolat path - placeholder
country_event = { id = flowena.97 days = 14 }
set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.4
army_experience = 8
set_variable = {
    var = bank
    value = 12
}
set_country_flag = have_regular_puppets
recruit_character = FLO_chocolat_de_rosebrune
recruit_character = FLO_nicolas_de_charbon
recruit_character = FLO_anna_de_indigo
recruit_character = FLO_michael_landreau
recruit_character = FLO_astrit_koch
recruit_character = FLO_rene_de_artois
recruit_character = FLO_aileclaire_de_vermilion
recruit_character = FLO_Cedric
recruit_character = FLO_Jacques
recruit_character = FLO_Hertha
recruit_character = FLO_Camille
recruit_character = FLO_Prelate
recruit_character = FLO_Brothers
recruit_character = FLO_Roxane
recruit_character = FLO_Wilhelm
recruit_character = FLO_Patrice
recruit_character = FLO_Vincent
recruit_character = FLO_Sebastien
recruit_character = FLO_Amaury
recruit_character = FLO_Denise
recruit_character = FLO_Herve
recruit_character = FLO_Marguerite
recruit_character = FLO_Ferdinand
recruit_character = FLO_Helene
recruit_character = FLO_Genevieve
recruit_character = FLO_Hubert
recruit_character = FLO_Josephine
recruit_character = FLO_Eugene
recruit_character = FLO_Didier
recruit_character = FLO_Jean
recruit_character = FLO_Philibert
recruit_character = FLO_Fernand
recruit_character = FLO_Guenole
recruit_character = FLO_Alwena
recruit_character = FLO_Bruno
recruit_character = FLO_gris_d_argent
recruit_character = FLO_jaune_d_or
recruit_character = FLO_GASTON
recruit_character = FLO_suzanne
recruit_character = FLO_laurent_the_old
recruit_character = FLO_the_seigneurie
recruit_character = FLO_council_of_commanders
recruit_character = FLO_guild_congress_char
recruit_character = FLO_archduke_trubach

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
