capital = 281

oob = "GFF_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	griffon_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_griffon_army = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Early Fighter"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes


set_convoys = 70
add_manpower = 10000
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 25
	communism = 20
	neutrality = 55
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	big_science_base
	pre_industrial_society
	GFF_bandits
	GFF_cannibals
	GFF_commies
}

set_stability = 0.50

recruit_character = GFF_governor_muck
recruit_character = GFF_virgil
recruit_character = GFF_chancellor_kekfeather
recruit_character = GFF_heinrich_redtail
recruit_character = GFF_abraham
recruit_character = GFF_bobby
recruit_character = GFF_red
recruit_character = GFF_judge
recruit_character = GFF_sergio
recruit_character = GFF_esther
recruit_character = GFF_eurus
recruit_character = GFF_otto
recruit_character = GFF_wilmar
recruit_character = GFF_klaus
recruit_character = GFF_eggon
recruit_character = GFF_telete
recruit_character = GFF_mailpony
recruit_character = GFF_titus
recruit_character = GFF_henrietta
recruit_character = GFF_siegbert

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
