capital = 243

oob = "GRF_1007"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	griffon_race = 1
	tech_griffon_army = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		coastal_defense_ships_nomtg = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "GRF_1007_naval_legacy"
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "GRF_1007_naval"
}

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 23
	fascism = 10
	communism = 20
	neutrality = 47
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GFF
		autonomy_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	else = {
		puppet = GFF
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	outdated_industry
	GRF_colonial_economy
	GRF_falcons_of_griffinstone
	GRF_militias
}

set_stability = 0.65

recruit_character = GRF_governor_teafeather
recruit_character = GRF_provisional_council
recruit_character = GRF_reyhard_ironclaw
recruit_character = GRF_protector_kute
recruit_character = GRF_wilhelm_silverwing
recruit_character = GRF_triton_blackpeak
recruit_character = GRF_heinrich_redtail
recruit_character = GRF_erwin_highhill
recruit_character = GRF_gabriel
recruit_character = GRF_hector_goldcrest
recruit_character = GRF_erika_rosetalon
recruit_character = GRF_toki_bright
recruit_character = GRF_daniel_crimsonbeak
recruit_character = GRF_paddy_rockfeller
recruit_character = GRF_jean_de_basse
recruit_character = GRF_nick_vinchester
recruit_character = GRF_heinrich_lighttalon
recruit_character = GRF_conrad_darkclaw
recruit_character = GRF_horst_longbeak
recruit_character = GRF_oscar
recruit_character = GRF_skeiron
recruit_character = GRF_triton
recruit_character = GRF_andor
recruit_character = GRF_eric
recruit_character = GRF_irmela
recruit_character = GRF_myron
recruit_character = GRF_ophion
recruit_character = GRF_astraea
recruit_character = GRF_eyda
recruit_character = GRF_ciaphas
recruit_character = GRF_eir
recruit_character = GRF_hyperion
recruit_character = GRF_erebos
recruit_character = GRF_pontus
recruit_character = GRF_edwin
recruit_character = GRF_eurus
recruit_character = GRF_ares
recruit_character = GRF_cedric
recruit_character = GRF_frida
recruit_character = GRF_stephan_randolf
recruit_character = GRF_cronos_beamquill
recruit_character = GRF_arnaud_cuvillier
recruit_character = GRF_felix_cloudtalon
recruit_character = GRF_lord_protector_trubach

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Likhttraktor"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GRFTanks/GRFGWTank.dds"
	}
}

random_army_leader = {
	limit = { has_id = 810 }
	save_global_event_target_as = GRF_crimsonbeak
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ocelot Class"	
		name_group = GRF_DD_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Clawin Class"
		name_group = GRF_DD_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Galetine Class"
		name_group = GRF_CL_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Celaeno Class"
		name_group = GRF_CL_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Talon Class"
		name_group = GRF_CL_HISTORICAL
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Weter Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = GRF_BB_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pioneer Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = GRF_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
