capital = 494
oob = "HEL_1007"
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	griffon_race = 1
	tech_griffon_army = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 70
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}

recruit_character = HEL_merlock_wood
recruit_character = HEL_sheriff
recruit_character = HEL_luca
recruit_character = HEL_jacques_trouillard
recruit_character = HEL_frere_tocque
recruit_character = HEL_jean_weineg
recruit_character = HEL_sister_selena
recruit_character = HEL_jaume_de_conard
recruit_character = HEL_alexandra_descieux
recruit_character = HEL_federal_council
recruit_character = HEL_even_baseder_council
recruit_character = HEL_blacktalon
recruit_character = HEL_pol_1
recruit_character = HEL_pol_2
recruit_character = HEL_pol_3
recruit_character = HEL_pol_4
recruit_character = HEL_pol_5
recruit_character = HEL_pol_6
recruit_character = HEL_pol_7
recruit_character = HEL_pol_8
recruit_character = HEL_pol_9
recruit_character = HEL_pol_10
recruit_character = HEL_pol_11
recruit_character = HEL_pol_12
recruit_character = HEL_greifwald_advisor_1
recruit_character = HEL_greifwald_advisor_2
recruit_character = HEL_hale_merrimane
recruit_character = HEL_oil_baron_advisor_1
recruit_character = HEL_oil_baron_advisor_2
recruit_character = HEL_joanna_fliger
recruit_character = HEL_alois_fliger
recruit_character = HEL_army_chief_one
recruit_character = HEL_army_chief_two
recruit_character = HEL_navy_chief_one
recruit_character = HEL_navy_chief_two
recruit_character = HEL_air_chief_one
recruit_character = HEL_air_chief_two
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_one
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_two
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_three
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_four
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_five
recruit_character = HEL_high_command_six
recruit_character = HEL_submarine_theorist
recruit_character = HEL_mass_assault_theorist
recruit_character = HEL_grand_battle_plan_theorist
recruit_character = HEL_bertus_ghisel
recruit_character = HEL_sheriff_general_1
recruit_character = HEL_sheriff_general_2
recruit_character = HEL_naylor
recruit_character = HEL_new_jaume_fm
recruit_character = HEL_hobble
recruit_character = HEL_anais_of_the_shadows

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	poverty2
	lack_of_scientists2
	pre_industrial_society
	better_science_base
	closed_economy
	HEL_fanatic_decentralization
	HEL_chaotic_government
	HEL_legacy_of_the_revolution
	HEL_autonomous_religious_communities
}
set_country_flag = HEL_no_politics_yet_tt
set_country_flag = better_science_base_unlocked
set_country_flag = have_regular_puppets
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.40

add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 1 }

country_event = {
	id = adelart_flavor.1
	days = 450
}

country_event = {
	id = adelart_flavor.2 
	days = 700
}

country_event = {
	id = adelart_flavor.3
	days = 45
}

country_event = {
	id = adelart_flavor.4
	days = 65
}

country_event = {
	id = adelart_flavor.5
	days = 100
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
