capital = 1040

oob = "HYE_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	hyena_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_dervishes = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes

set_convoys = 70

add_ideas = {
	agrarian_society
	better_science_base
	lack_of_scientists1
	zebrica_legacy_of_storm1
	poverty5
	HYE_qaylid_dervish
}

set_country_flag = better_science_base_unlocked

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 45
	fascism = 7
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 43
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1001.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_manpower = 11570

add_ai_strategy = {
	type = prepare_for_war
	id = THU
	value = 250
}

recruit_character = HYE_fahamka
recruit_character = HYE_masaska
recruit_character = HYE_furasho
recruit_character = HYE_princess_jawharad
recruit_character = HYE_iftiin
recruit_character = HYE_dhuumasho
recruit_character = HYE_tuke
recruit_character = HYE_haramcad
recruit_character = HYE_dhalaalaya
recruit_character = HYE_surrogate
recruit_character = HYE_torr
recruit_character = HYE_navy_dog1
recruit_character = HYE_navy_dog2
recruit_character = HYE_zeeb_general
recruit_character = HYE_zeeb_collaborator
recruit_character = HYE_dervish_advisors
recruit_character = HYE_sunta
recruit_character = HYE_gaadiidka
recruit_character = HYE_seenyaale
recruit_character = HYE_maraq
recruit_character = HYE_waalan
recruit_character = HYE_dhagax
recruit_character = HYE_harqaanka
recruit_character = HYE_harqaanka_lar
recruit_character = HYE_yeyda
recruit_character = HYE_xaawa
recruit_character = HYE_triarchy
recruit_character = HYE_parliament
recruit_character = HYE_noble_council
recruit_character = HYE_uzerasi_council

recruit_character = EYE_council
recruit_character = EYE_curadka
recruit_character = EYE_kravash
recruit_character = EYE_raacsan
recruit_character = EYE_harkon
recruit_character = EYE_kohrak
recruit_character = EYE_pure_anarchy
recruit_character = EYE_gel_frostwind
recruit_character = EYE_iamidi_uzerasi
recruit_character = EYE_graz_shatterstorm
recruit_character = EYE_miran_snowshorn
recruit_character = EYE_karus_dreadspark
recruit_character = EYE_garan_iceshard
recruit_character = EYE_kifur_thunderbolt
recruit_character = EYE_izi_whirlwind
recruit_character = EYE_wud_rainstorm
recruit_character = EYE_sekel_stormrider
recruit_character = EYE_vetur_frostfall
recruit_character = EYE_ryk_sleetfall
recruit_character = EYE_novus_stormbringer
recruit_character = EYE_rekvid_thunderbolt
recruit_character = EYE_kor_redpine
recruit_character = EYE_voltur_cloudcaller
recruit_character = EYE_curvur_icewind
recruit_character = EYE_rek_stormcloud

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	create_intelligence_agency = yes
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = HYE_masaska
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = religious_socialism
			expire = "1965.1.1.1"
			traits = {
				HYE_little_shadow_lar democratic_sympathies
			}
		}
	}
	else = {
		add_country_leader_role = {
			character = HYE_masaska
			promote_leader = yes
			country_leader = {
				ideology = religious_socialism
				expire = "1965.1.1.1"
				traits = {
					HYE_little_shadow democratic_sympathies
				}
			}
		}
	}
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}