capital = 16

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 2
	fascism = 5
	communism = 13
	neutrality = 80
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	eqs_civil_war
	disrupted_communications
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
}

set_stability = 0.55

recruit_character = JUN_doctor_caballeron
recruit_character = JUN_fuhrer_seaterror
recruit_character = JUN_mayor_goldwin
recruit_character = JUN_addie_hoover
recruit_character = JUN_nimbus
recruit_character = JUN_serene_storm
recruit_character = JUN_zambezi
recruit_character = JUN_sweet_water
recruit_character = JUN_jungle_trek
recruit_character = JUN_tailcoatl
recruit_character = JUN_erenpil
recruit_character = JUN_huitzilli
recruit_character = JUN_tenoch
recruit_character = JUN_mazel_tov
recruit_character = JUN_velvet_glow
recruit_character = JUN_lily_valley
recruit_character = JUN_teuicolt
recruit_character = JUN_ixtilal
recruit_character = JUN_midnight_dasher
recruit_character = JUN_star_dash
recruit_character = JUN_wild_star
recruit_character = JUN_silver_song
recruit_character = JUN_pearl_swirl
recruit_character = JUN_ivory_tail
recruit_character = JUN_blue_heart
recruit_character = JUN_ruby_bolt
recruit_character = JUN_fancy_hooves

random_character = {
	limit = { is_character = JUN_doctor_caballeron }
	save_global_event_target_as = JUN_doctor_caballeron_target
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
}