capital = 775

set_research_slots = 3

give_guarantee = KLG

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	cat_race = 1
	basic_train = 1
	bicycle_infantry = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes

set_technology = {
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	coastal_defense_ships = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
}
set_naval_oob = "ABY_1007_naval"

set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.25

set_country_flag = big_science_base_unlocked

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	fascism = 10
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 45
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1001.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

set_country_flag = has_custom_spymaster

add_ideas = {
	slavery_economy
	big_science_base
	pre_industrial_society
	lack_of_scientists2
	zebrica_legacy_of_storm1
	poverty3
	free_trade
	ABY_wingbardian_concessions
	ABY_angry_slaves
	ABY_paralyzed_leadership
	ABY_risk_of_famine
	ABY_talonieli
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Katren Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = ABY_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
	}
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Panthera Class"
	name_group = ABY_CL_HISTORICAL
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Abyssinia Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship	
	name_group = ABY_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
	}
}
#April's Fool
recruit_character = KTZ_kaiser_kattail 
recruit_character = HIP_posada_AF
recruit_character = KTZ_Loris
recruit_character = KTZ_Douclaw
recruit_character = KTZ_Dietrich
recruit_character = KTZ_Flopparnold
recruit_character = KTZ_Growlzi
recruit_character = KTZ_Hell
recruit_character = KTZ_Itch
recruit_character = KTZ_Kattman
recruit_character = KTZ_Katzhaum
recruit_character = KTZ_Kimitz
recruit_character = KTZ_Koko
recruit_character = KTZ_Meolson
recruit_character = KTZ_Meorwin
recruit_character = KTZ_Meteorite
recruit_character = KTZ_Pawlbert
recruit_character = KTZ_Pawldrin
recruit_character = KTZ_Pawllas
recruit_character = KTZ_Pawtton
recruit_character = KTZ_Pouchkinn
recruit_character = KTZ_Rex
recruit_character = KTZ_Stron
recruit_character = KTZ_Sogga
recruit_character = KTZ_Neumayer
recruit_character = KTZ_Rafurr
recruit_character = KTZ_Elwin
recruit_character = KTZ_Bingus
recruit_character = KTZ_Blokkat
recruit_character = KTZ_Felt
recruit_character = KTZ_Valewria
