capital = 66

set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	LSP_chaotic_politics
	LSP_chaotic_army
	LSP_chaotic_economy
	LSP_mass_migration
	LSP_fragile_food_supply
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
}

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}

set_convoys = 20
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 85
	fascism = 8
	communism = 7
	neutrality = 0
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

set_stability = 0.5

recruit_character = LSP_mayor_rokenhar
recruit_character = LSP_president_sugarquill
recruit_character = LSP_mr_horse
recruit_character = LSP_the_royalist_movement
recruit_character = LSP_sugar_sprinkle
recruit_character = LSP_starry_plough
recruit_character = LSP_pine_chest
recruit_character = LSP_pine_chest_advisor_2
recruit_character = LSP_pine_chest_advisor_3
recruit_character = LSP_rockfeller
recruit_character = LSP_mercy_ribbons
recruit_character = LSP_cherry_soda
recruit_character = LSP_blueberry_soda
recruit_character = LSP_copper_flanks
recruit_character = LSP_iron_hooves
recruit_character = LSP_ball_and_chain
recruit_character = LSP_mort_fassinato
recruit_character = LSP_hard_hat
recruit_character = LSP_bark_bluster
recruit_character = LSP_flim_flam
recruit_character = LSP_gear_turner
recruit_character = LSP_morning_prism
recruit_character = LSP_las_pegasus_times
recruit_character = LSP_flint_lock
recruit_character = LSP_shooting_iron
recruit_character = LSP_ironflanks
recruit_character = LSP_lightning_blitz
recruit_character = LSP_a_d_m_a
recruit_character = LSP_thunder_storm
recruit_character = LSP_smash_hit
recruit_character = LSP_clipper_builder
recruit_character = LSP_sky_fire
recruit_character = LSP_cloud_catcher
recruit_character = LSP_dugout_doug
recruit_character = LSP_heavy_lourde
recruit_character = LSP_swift_hoof
recruit_character = LSP_cheer_champ
recruit_character = LSP_star_leaper
recruit_character = LSP_map_painter
recruit_character = LSP_sky_chaser
recruit_character = LSP_sharp_shot

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes