capital = 75

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	bat_troopers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 6000
	producer = EQS
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment_1
	amount = 50
	producer = EQS
}
set_convoys = 150
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18
	fascism = 59
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 23
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1.1.1"
	election_frequency = 24
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	eqs_civil_war
	war_economy
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
}

set_stability = 0.60
set_war_support = 0.65

recruit_character = NLR_speck
recruit_character = NLR_silver_soldier
recruit_character = NLR_safe_swell
recruit_character = NLR_nightmare_moon
recruit_character = NLR_astral_vision
recruit_character = NLR_sunny_daze
recruit_character = NLR_midnight_blossom
recruit_character = NLR_echo
recruit_character = NLR_cloud_skipper
recruit_character = NLR_night_blade
recruit_character = NLR_tzyca
recruit_character = NLR_acerbus_von_sanguinis
recruit_character = NLR_icy_breeze
recruit_character = NLR_nightbreeze_thunderstorm
recruit_character = NLR_cleansing_night
recruit_character = NLR_seaward_march
recruit_character = NLR_galaxy_rose
recruit_character = NLR_cresting_seas
recruit_character = NLR_lumi
recruit_character = NLR_nightshade
recruit_character = NLR_primrose
recruit_character = NLR_boo_advisor
recruit_character = NLR_umbra
recruit_character = NLR_mr_horse
recruit_character = NLR_neighvis
recruit_character = NLR_starry_glory
recruit_character = NLR_colt_ice
recruit_character = NLR_blossom
recruit_character = NLR_dust
recruit_character = NLR_lightning
recruit_character = NLR_cometfall
recruit_character = NLR_jungle_mango
recruit_character = NLR_burning_straits
recruit_character = NLR_midnight_storm
recruit_character = NLR_stormy_skies
recruit_character = NLR_lampa
recruit_character = NLR_moonshadow
recruit_character = NLR_somber
recruit_character = NLR_bloodwater
recruit_character = NLR_polar_night
recruit_character = NLR_flicker_fade

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes