capital = 13

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	pony_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	bat_troopers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		air_torpedoe_1 = 1
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}


	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

set_technology = {
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	torpedo_gunboats = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	protected_cruisers = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
}
set_convoys = 2
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 13
	fascism = 67
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 17
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors

add_ideas = {
	pony_race
	modern_society
	proper_science_base
	no_lack_of_scientists
	no_poverty
}

set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.60

recruit_character = NMS_nobody
recruit_character = NMS_moonspeaker_conclave
recruit_character = NMS_stars_whirl
recruit_character = NMS_starry_glory
recruit_character = NMS_kekers
recruit_character = NMS_baltimare_band
#recruit_character = NMS_star_chaser
#recruit_character = NMS_berry_meadow
#recruit_character = NMS_comet_chaser
recruit_character = NMS_light_narrative
recruit_character = NMS_night_dasher
recruit_character = NMS_silver_moon
recruit_character = NMS_erenpil
recruit_character = NMS_huitzilli
recruit_character = NMS_tenoch
recruit_character = NMS_poppy_bliss
recruit_character = NMS_celeste
recruit_character = NMS_colt_ice
recruit_character = NMS_shimmer_moon
recruit_character = NMS_orchid_light
recruit_character = NMS_dancing_wing
recruit_character = NMS_star_breeze
recruit_character = NMS_peach_whirl
recruit_character = NMS_onyx_dash
recruit_character = NMS_fancy_mane
recruit_character = NMS_yolotli_zyana
recruit_character = NMS_tepin_metzli
recruit_character = NMS_sacnite_notchtli
recruit_character = NMS_izel_citlali
recruit_character = NMS_achcauhtli_moyolehuani
recruit_character = NMS_chalchiuitl_itzel
recruit_character = NMS_ichtaca_eztli
recruit_character = NMS_slashing
recruit_character = NMS_word_bearer
recruit_character = NMS_moon_sparks
recruit_character = NMS_astral_echo

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}

set_country_flag = has_super_force_attack
set_country_flag = has_super_last_stand

### Variants ###
equestrian_breakaways_tanks = yes
equestrian_breakaways_planes = yes
equestrian_breakaways_ships = yes