capital = 290

oob = "PLB_1007"

set_research_slots = 2
starting_train_buffer = 2

set_technology = {
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	polar_race = 1
	tech_panzerbar = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	tech_polar_berserkers = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts_nomtg = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "PLB_1007_naval_legacy"
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "PLB_1007_naval"
}

set_convoys = 169
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 31
	fascism = 32
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 32
}
set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}


add_ideas = {
	PLB_bears
	PLB_outcasts
	PLB_clan_divides
	pre_industrial_society
	limited_exports
	lack_of_scientists3
	low_economic_mobilisation
	limited_conscription
}
add_timed_idea = { idea = PLB_paying_off_tech_purchase days = 120 }

set_stability = 0.6
add_manpower = 35000
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = melee_equipment_0
	amount = 750
	producer = PLB
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = melee_equipment_1
	amount = 750
	producer = PLB
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 250
	producer = GRF
}

recruit_character = PLB_paw_wellington
recruit_character = PLB_torben_of_clan_svartpels
recruit_character = PLB_eira_of_clan_volsungr
recruit_character = PLB_chairman_icebear
recruit_character = PLB_chairwoman_snowbear
recruit_character = PLB_bard_of_clan_svartpels
recruit_character = PLB_bergljot_of_clan_svartpels
recruit_character = PLB_stronk_boi
recruit_character = PLB_happy_drunkard
recruit_character = PLB_riding_bear
recruit_character = PLB_vsalpar_of_clan_anker
recruit_character = PLB_kjell_of_clan_falsen
recruit_character = PLB_granny_bear
recruit_character = PLB_war_shaman
recruit_character = PLB_the_clanless
recruit_character = PLB_scyfling_assembly
recruit_character = PLB_herleifr_of_anker
recruit_character = PLB_lamonte_of_scyfling
recruit_character = PLB_generic_army_leader
recruit_character = PLB_air_chief_guy
recruit_character = PLB_navy_person
recruit_character = PLB_high_command_1
recruit_character = PLB_high_command_2
recruit_character = PLB_high_command_3
recruit_character = PLB_the_eternal
recruit_character = PLB_traditional_warfare
recruit_character = PLB_nuclear_theorist
recruit_character = PLB_tyrant_bear
recruit_character = PLB_war_industrialist
recruit_character = PLB_mechanite_queen
recruit_character = PLB_volsungr_environmentalist
recruit_character = PLB_volsungr_adviser_supremacy
recruit_character = PLB_thunder_militarist
recruit_character = PLB_scyfling_tech_genius
recruit_character = PLB_scyfling_adviser_supremacy
recruit_character = PLB_griffon_arch_heretic
recruit_character = PLB_equestrian_adviser_1
recruit_character = PLB_equestrian_adviser_2
recruit_character = PLB_equestrian_adviser_3
recruit_character = PLB_crystal_adviser
recruit_character = PLB_avian_townships
recruit_character = PLB_clan_brodkorb
recruit_character = PLB_clan_benkestok
recruit_character = PLB_council_of_worker_warriors
recruit_character = PLB_council_of_elites
recruit_character = PLB_council_of_fishers
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_1
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_2
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_3
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_4
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_5
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_6
recruit_character = PLB_juche_bear_7
recruit_character = PLB_religious_mystic
recruit_character = PLB_penguin_trotsky
recruit_character = PLB_falangist
recruit_character = PLB_monarchist_guy
recruit_character = PLB_scyfling_high_commander
recruit_character = PLB_volsungr_high_commander
recruit_character = PLB_elder_high_commander
recruit_character = PLB_scyfling_hunter
recruit_character = PLB_benkestok_army_leader
recruit_character = PLB_brodkorb_army_leader
recruit_character = PLB_gotlung_high_commander
recruit_character = PLB_pony_high_commander
recruit_character = PLB_nanook_hunter
recruit_character = PLB_golden_cavalry_lord
recruit_character = PLB_rozenkrantz_theorist
recruit_character = PLB_divine_theorist
recruit_character = PLB_queen_guard
recruit_character = PLB_bjornling
recruit_character = PLB_geir_kane
recruit_character = PLB_asger_of_svartpels
recruit_character = PLB_keld_of_svartpels
recruit_character = PLB_ake_of_volsungr
recruit_character = PLB_fell_of_volsungr
recruit_character = PLB_urlik_of_scyfling
recruit_character = PLB_lorke_of_scyfling
recruit_character = PLB_grumpy_bear
recruit_character = PLB_exuvia
recruit_character = PLB_shaman_king
recruit_character = PLB_yuri

add_ideas = {
	PLB_paw_wellington_navy_chief
}

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wellington Class"	
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = PLB_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Polaria Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = PLB_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Northern Star Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = PLB_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Changeling Butcherer Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = PLB_BB_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
}
