capital = 948

oob = "SON_1007"

set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	zebra_race = 1
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_spirit_warriors = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes

set_convoys = 70

add_ideas = {
	slavery_economy
	agrarian_society
	limited_conscription
	better_science_base
	lack_of_scientists1
	zebrica_legacy_of_storm3
	poverty4
	SON_kingdom_with_no_king
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 13
	fascism = 35
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 52
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1001.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = SON_zonni_zolon
recruit_character = SON_regency_council
recruit_character = SON_angry_mob
recruit_character = SON_chieftess_meynsata
recruit_character = SON_famed_griot
recruit_character = SON_chief_quaggo
recruit_character = SON_chieftess_amzina
recruit_character = SON_chief_faran
recruit_character = SON_reemite_advisor
recruit_character = SON_general_zanda
recruit_character = SON_ndebi
recruit_character = SON_foreign_advisor
recruit_character = SON_captain_zaghe
recruit_character = SON_supremacy_air_chief
recruit_character = SON_supremacy_navy_chief
recruit_character = SON_chief_monzon
recruit_character = SON_zogon
recruit_character = SON_ture_sylla
recruit_character = SON_nyaberi_zargey
recruit_character = SON_muza_zughe
recruit_character = SON_zin_zughe
recruit_character = SON_bene_zughe
recruit_character = SON_harmony_air_chief
recruit_character = SON_harmony_navy_chief
recruit_character = SON_harakoy_zughe

set_country_flag = has_custom_advisors
set_country_flag = has_custom_designers

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}