capital = 11

oob = "YAK_1007"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	yak_race = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}
actually_fix_weapon_techs = yes #THIS HAS TO BE CALLED IN EVERY HISTORY FILE RIGHT AFTER MAIN set_technology!

generic_DD_template = yes
generic_CL_template = yes

set_convoys = 69
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 70
	fascism = 6
	communism = 4
	neutrality = 20
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	agrarian_society
	YAK_resilience
	lack_of_scientists2
}

set_stability = 0.8

recruit_character = YAK_prince_rutherford
recruit_character = YAK_khan_koletiv
recruit_character = YAK_fergus
recruit_character = YAK_karsak_sukhbataar
recruit_character = YAK_Yona
recruit_character = YAK_chieftess_sheyak
recruit_character = YAK_evanna_boom
recruit_character = YAK_brigan_taih
recruit_character = YAK_ridoven_taini
recruit_character = YAK_yakba
recruit_character = YAK_vindhov
recruit_character = YAK_alastair
recruit_character = YAK_mckinley
recruit_character = YAK_dougal_khan
recruit_character = YAK_erikka
recruit_character = YAK_heroi
recruit_character = YAK_skychief_agnes
recruit_character = YAK_prince_bradford
recruit_character = YAK_barrak
recruit_character = YAK_boomer
recruit_character = YAK_ixil
recruit_character = YAK_carapace
recruit_character = YAK_locust
recruit_character = YAK_phalax
recruit_character = YAK_arista
recruit_character = YAK_frenulum
recruit_character = YAK_tymbal
recruit_character = YAK_sclerite

set_rule = {
	can_generate_female_aces = yes
	can_generate_female_unit_leaders  = yes
	can_generate_female_country_leaders = yes
}
